welcome to the money GPS this is your
market recap the Bank of Canada decided
to raise interest rates to 1% and as a
result the Canadian dollar has risen to
just under 82 cents to the US dollar
looking at the US markets you can see
the Dow Jones moving to 21800 the SMP
500 is at 24 65 the Nasdaq is just under
6400 looking at the cryptocurrency
markets you can see Bitcoin recovering
almost entirely to 4,500 in theory UM's
at 324 and Bitcoin cash at 616 the
overall market cap is now at just under
160 billion dollars looking at gold and
silver you can see that the gold price
has been moving up with all the tensions
lately to 1335 and silver just under $18
and I wanted to show you the US debt
clock dot-org or you can see the US
national debt at just shy of 20 trillion
dollars and that's all for this video I
hope that you enjoyed it do not forget
to click that subscribe button it is
very important to join the rest of the
65 thousand plus people that are here at
the money GPS I post videos every single
day take care